# Protocol of the meeting with Dr. Alexander Raschke from 2020.09.14

The meeting was held at 10:00 o'clock via BigBlueButton. Dr. Alexander Raschke and the Scrum-Master attended the meeting.

## Table of Contents

- [Protocol of the meeting with Dr. Alexander Raschke from 2020.09.14](#protocol-of-the-meeting-with-dr-alexander-raschke-from-20200914)
  - [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
  - [Contents of the Meeting](#contents-of-the-meeting)
    - [Relevance of the Leitfaden?](#relevance-of-the-leitfaden)
    - [What does the uni expect of us?](#what-does-the-uni-expect-of-us)
    - [What about the teammate in his Masters?](#what-about-the-teammate-in-his-masters)
    - [What about the Zwischenpräsentation?](#what-about-the-zwischenpräsentation)
    - [Final presentation at the client's company possible?](#final-presentation-at-the-clients-company-possible)

## Contents of the Meeting

### Relevance of the Leitfaden?

Dr. Newe is solely responsible for what is required of us in the project and will do the evaluation almost entirely on his own. The Leitfaden was only a thought-provoking guide for customers with less experience in the IT sector, not a concrete framework for action that has to be implemented in this way.

### What does the uni expect of us?

All that is important to Dr. Raschke is that in the end, it is clear that we have created reasonable documentation and that it is clear that we planned the project according to good principles before we started the implementation. 

!!! important
    Documentation which is not specifically requested by the customer, but which is important for us as developers, should definitely be created and included in the Pflichtenheft!
    For example, architecture, used tools, etc. (See Sopra for a rough guide).

### What about the teammate in his Masters?

It was planned in advance to mix the teams and have masters in (preferably) each team. Therefore, no special requirements have to be fulfilled and only the [customer's requirements](#relevance-of-the-leitfaden) have to be satisfied.

### What about the Zwischenpräsentation?

The Zwischenpräsentation will be either in bazaar form (short presentations after which each team gets a table for questions), or via uploaded video presentations.
Similar to the Messe in the Sopra, this will be open to everyone and is meant for people to talk about problems, experiences and ideas with other teams.

!!! note
    It is not expected that a certain point in the project has been reached by the deadline, but something should be presentable that meets the customer's requirements.

### Final presentation at the client's company possible?

The final presentation will be similar to the Zwischenpräsentation (either bazaar or online). More details are not known at this time except that the customer will be "on site" at this date.
However, a presentation at the customer's company is definitely possible and welcome, but will have to take place on a separate date in addition to the normal presentation.
