# Scrum-Meeting protocol from 2020.09.22

The meeting was held at 12:00 o'clock via Discord. Akin was not present during the meeting.

## Table of Contents

- [Scrum-Meeting protocol from 2020.09.22](#scrum-meeting-protocol-from-20200922)
  - [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
  - [Contents of the Meeting](#contents-of-the-meeting)
    - [Sprint-Review discussion](#sprint-review-discussion)
    - [Issues](#issues)
    - [Plan for the next weeks](#plan-for-the-next-weeks)
    - [Next meeting](#next-meeting)


## Contents of the Meeting

### Sprint-Review discussion

The [last sprint review](/sprint-reviews/review_2020_09_18/) and the topics discussed there were reviewed with the team and important information was shared.

### Issues

Issues raised in the [last sprint review](/sprint-reviews/review_2020_09_18/#issues-to-fix) have been discussed with the team and will be addressed in the next sprint.

### Plan for the next weeks

|Task                                 |Assigned to     |Description                                                         |
|:-----------------------------------:|:--------------:|:------------------------------------------------------------------:|
|MkDocs PDF conversion                |**Elias**       |_Finding a solution to convert the .md files of the documentation into a .pdf._|
|Finish up architecture diagram       |**Elias & Manu**|_Update the component diagram and add the missing class diagrams with focus on the interfaces between the components._|
|Fix descriptor issues                |**Everyone**    |_Fix/Update the descirptors/terms of the already created documents._|
|Update StoryFlow diagram             |**Alexander F.**|_Add changes agreed upon with customer._|
|Create new story addition suggestions|**Alexander F.**|_Create new story addition suggestions._|
|Pflichtenheft conversion and update  |**Alex**        |_Update Requirements, add changelog, add ToC and Used-Tools documents._|

### Next meeting

The next meeting is set to be 2020.10.05 at 12:00 o'clock.