# Scrum-Meeting protocol from 2020.10.21

The meeting was held at 12:00 o'clock via Discord.

## Table of Contents

- [Scrum-Meeting protocol from 2020.10.21](#scrum-meeting-protocol-from-20201021)
  - [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
  - [Contents of the Meeting](#contents-of-the-meeting)
    - [Sprint-Review discussion](#sprint-review-discussion)
    - [Technical Specifications feedback](#technical-specifications-feedback)
    - [Uni-Server](#uni-server)
    - [Team restructuring](#team-restructuring)
    - [Technical Specifications changelog](#technical-specifications-changelog)
    - [Dependency of issues](#dependency-of-issues)


## Contents of the Meeting

### Sprint-Review discussion

The [last sprint review](/sprint-reviews/review_2020_10_20/) and the topics discussed there were reviewed with the team and important information was shared.

### Technical Specifications feedback

The customer's feedback on the Technical Specifications was reviewed in detail with the team and discussed with them all for understanding. Specific problems with the diagrams were pointed out to ensure that the component diagrams had the correct interfaces going forward and that the Moderator-Client was divided into three individual use case diagrams.

### Uni-Server

Dr. Raschke has provided the team with a VM in the bwcloud with 2 cores, 4GB RAM and 50GB hard disk space to be able to carry out the development of the server without having to use the customer's server.

!!! important
    Login data for the server, the private SSH key and the login data for the git dummy are stored in the team discord and can be found in the #info channel.

### Team restructuring

Due to continued absence and lack of will to communicate, Dr. Raschke decided in consultation with the team to remove Akin Kula from the project.

### Technical Specifications changelog

The team was encouraged to remember the changelog for the Technical Specifications and a sample entry was created.

### Dependency of issues 

A dependency graph will be created and uploaded over the course of the day to provide a rough overview of which tasks have higher priorities and which tasks depend on other tasks.