# Scrum-Meeting protocol from 2020.10.05

The meeting was held at 12:00 o'clock via Discord. Akin was not present during the meeting.

## Table of Contents

- [Scrum-Meeting protocol from 2020.10.05](#scrum-meeting-protocol-from-20201005)
  - [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
  - [Contents of the Meeting](#contents-of-the-meeting)
    - [Team restructuring](#team-restructuring)
    - [Updated meeting schedule](#updated-meeting-schedule)
    - [Updated role distribution](#updated-role-distribution)
    - [Copyright issue](#copyright-issue)
    - [Github issues and tasks](#github-issues-and-tasks)
    - [Sprint-Review discussion](#sprint-review-discussion)

## Contents of the Meeting

### Team restructuring

The team decided in unanimous agreement that Akin would be excluded from the project planning for an unforeseeable period of time due to his lack of availability and communication skills. This decision was made so that the team can plan their time accurately. The problem was also passed on to Dr. Raschke in order to find a permanent solution.

### Updated meeting schedule

The team decided to increase the frequency of the Scrum meetings to weekly meetings in order to discuss problems earlier and to increase team communication. 

The meetings will take place every week, Monday at 12:00. Frequency and dates can fluctuate over the next weeks and months depending on the lectures of the team members.

### Updated role distribution

As a result of the [above-mentioned team restructuring](#team-restructuring), the team has initially committed itself to a new distribution of roles:

| team member | role(s)                          |
| ----------- | -------------------------------- |
| Alex F.     | Project Lead, Documentation Lead |
| Alex P.     | QA Lead                          |
| Elias       | Architecture Lead                |
| Manu        | Usability Lead                   |

<br/>

### Copyright issue

The [copyright issues](../sprint-reviews/review_2020_10_02.md#copyright-issues) discussed in the scrum-meeting with the customer and the possible solutions were presented to the team, which decided to suspend the decision until the next meeting (2020.10.12). 

### Github issues and tasks

The Scrum Master has created a backlog of issues and assigned them to different milestones. Experimentally, the working concept was changed so that the team members choose which issues they want to deal with, but were asked to complete the milestones in the correct order.

### Sprint-Review discussion

The [last sprint review](/sprint-reviews/review_2020_10_02/) and the topics discussed there were reviewed with the team and important information was shared.
